From: Karla [mailto:karlas@fsddatasvc.com]
Sent: Tuesday, December 11, 2001 8:52 AM
To: Rob Nugen
Subject: RE: Dow notes


No fears Rob.  You have already told us you are on your way out.  We just
need to support each other through the transition.  Let's talk.  We can
make this a wonderful experience where we come away from it feeling great
about our transition year.

K.

-----Original Message-----
From:	Rob Nugen [mailto:rob@fsd.nu]
Sent:	Monday, December 10, 2001 5:39 PM
To:	Karla
Cc:	Kevin; Rob
Subject:	RE: Dow notes

Thank you for your support today.

I find myself unconsciously really resisting being project manager for
anything.

My emotions lately are pushing me away from this job.  Not my emotions so
much, but my spiritis pulling me away.  I am exquisitely afraid to let you
down on anything, and afraid to tell you what I'm feeling/experiencing.  I
have utmost respect for you and Kevin; I cannot consider leaving when I know
that I know so much about G3 and no one else does.

I'm nearly flat broke until Wende and I sell the house, though I know it
will sell simply and easily (once it's on the market in about a week).  But
then I'm tied to my apartment at $760 per month for the next 12 months.
That and G3 are the only things keeping me here.  I don't know what I'm
doing in life.  Last night I wrote a list of about 30 countries/places I
want to visit.  I have to create that reality in my life or I'll be so
disappointed when I die (which won't be anytime soon, but still).

- - - - -

For your particular point below, you are right that this is being created in
a haphazard manner.  The solution as I see it is to "finish" the G3 and
don't change it a zillion times while it's being run.  There is another
solution that I don't see, but I think requires a more experienced manager
to discern.

> I am sorry I was short about this last item - I am frustrated and unnerved
> that we are doing this in such a haphazard manner.

- - - - -

I will be back tomorrow.  and the next day and the next day until a happy
going-away party is thrown.  I won't leave a big hole in FSD.
