From: Rob Nugen <rob@robnugen.com>
Date: Tue Oct 15, 2002  09:11:51 PM US/Central
To: elizabeth casto <mccomas2u@yahoo.com>
Subject: Re: walk

Elizabeth!

I can just read your email over and over and over and never get
enough.  I'm so thankful for the opportunity to walk with you and
share my beliefs and get a glimpse of your mind and get to take a
*different* way back home instead of the old path that would have been
longer and steeper and not shown us that beautiful deer and more
beautiful sundrenched field atop the hill.  You were a blessing in my
life, allowing me to share verbally and climb and get dirty and
fuckin' swim across a river and have a total blast!


The railroad track adventure was quite lovely, but I must say I
enjoyed the wildness of the first walk better.  But the conversation
on the railroad tracks completely ruled.  Thank you for that, and for
your willingness to walk walk walk walk walk.


Ohmygosh and your willingness to lose track of time and miss a day of
school just to go on a super conversation walk with me!  Wow; what a
great blessing you are in the world as well.


- - - -

Since I left you guys, I have decided to not make it back to Texas by
25 October, which gives me more time to visit the peeps on the latter
half of my trek.  I wish I had made the decision before I left there
so that I could have stayed longer, but I trust all is in the highest
good.  There's the tiniest tiny possibility that I may come back to
B-town, but I must say it's not super likely; I'm anxious to get back.
If you come to visit me in Japan, though, we'll definitely go for a
walk.


	With Love Love Love
	- Rob!



On Wednesday, October 9, 2002, at 03:35 AM, elizabeth casto wrote:

Hello Rob!

Glad to here from you. It has been a pleasureÊhanging out with
you. Your website suprised me - a refreshing perspective. I'm happy to
know that you enjoyed your visit to West Virginia. The walks we took
were just what I needed. Your company made them even better. Good
conversationÊis rare - thanks for the opportunity to get to know you
and your mind a little bit...and for the glimpse at your soul too. You
are unique. Perhaps we will have another opportunity to walk and talk
in the future. Until that ambiguous time...maybe I'll think about you
when I'm out. It feels great to rejuvenate that ache for the outdoors
that had been sleeping for so long. Please know how important this is
to me, and how grateful I am to you for giving me a boost. You are a
special guy. I think a lot of you. Your travels will bless the
world. Come home again and bless us when you get the chance. You are
welcome to visit anytime! Let me know.ÊHoping to hear from you again.


I am most honored to call you my friend.

-ElizabethÊ

----------------
Rob Nugen wrote:

I had a most ultra fantastic time walking with you! Thank you for being
super exploratious in the world and in philosophy of emotions and religion.
I truly enjoyed your company!

I will add Changing Lanes to my list of movies to see and might see it and
might remember to write to you when I do.

Sometime not too long after you get this, the journal entries that I've
written so far will be on my journal website:
http://www.robnugen.com/journal

Thanks for being so great!

Hugs and Love
- Rob!



